import time

def title_slide():
    print("Welcome to Phishing Awareness Training\n")
    input("Press Enter to continue...")
    print("\nObjective: Educate participants about phishing attacks, their risks, and prevention measures.\n")
    input("Press Enter to continue...")

def slide(content):
    print(content)
    input("\nPress Enter to continue...")

def define_phishing():
    slide("What is Phishing?")
    slide("Phishing is an attempt to obtain sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, and credit card details by disguising as a trustworthy entity.")

def types_of_attacks():
    slide("Types of Phishing Attacks")
    slide("- Email Phishing: Deceptive emails tricking users into revealing information or downloading malicious attachments.")
    slide("- Website Phishing: Fake websites mimicking legitimate ones to steal login credentials or financial information.")
    slide("- Social Engineering: Manipulative tactics like pretexting and baiting to deceive victims into divulging information or performing actions.")

def signs_of_phishing():
    slide("Signs of a Phishing Attempt")
    slide("- Generic greetings or urgent requests")
    slide("- Misspelled words or poor grammar")
    slide("- Suspicious sender’s email address or URL")
    slide("- Requests for sensitive information or immediate action")

def protect_yourself():
    slide("How to Protect Yourself")
    slide("- Verify Sources: Always verify requests for sensitive information through official channels.")
    slide("- Hover Before Clicking: Hover over links to reveal the true destination before clicking.")
    slide("- Think Before You Act: Pause and think critically before responding to unexpected requests or clicking on links.")
    slide("- Enable Two-Factor Authentication: Enhance security by using two-factor authentication wherever possible.")
    slide("- Report Suspicious Activity: Report phishing attempts to IT/security teams immediately.")

def real_life_examples():
    slide("Real-Life Examples and Case Studies")
    slide("Present real-life examples of successful phishing attacks and their consequences.")
    slide("Discuss what could have been done to prevent these attacks.")

def conclusion():
    slide("Conclusion")
    slide("Phishing attacks are prevalent and can cause significant harm. By staying vigilant and following best practices, you can protect yourself and your organization from falling victim to these attacks.")
    slide("Thank you for participating in the Phishing Awareness Training. Stay safe online!")

def run_training():
    title_slide()
    define_phishing()
    types_of_attacks()
    signs_of_phishing()
    protect_yourself()
    real_life_examples()
    conclusion()

# Run the training program
run_training()

